How a request get Served:

The Client(usually a browser) opens a connection to the server and sends a request. The server process the request, generate a response, and closes the connection if it finds a connection otherwise close header. The request consists of a line indicating a method such as GET or POST, a Uniform Resource Identifier(URI) indicating which resource is being requested, and an HTTP protocol version seprated by spcaes. This is normally followed by a number of headers, a blank line indicating the end of the headers, and sometimes body data, Header may provide various information about the request or client body data. Headers are typically only sent for POST and PUT methods. The server receives the request and processes it. It handles each request individually, although it may process many request simultaneously. Each request is broken down into a series of  steps that together make up the request handling process. The server generates a response that includes the HTTP protocol version, HTTP status code and a reason seprated by spcaes. This is normally followed by a number of headers. The end of headers is indicated by a blank line. The status code and reason phrase tell the client how the server handled the request. Normally the status code 200 is returned, indicating that the request was handled successfully and the body data contains the requested item. Other result codes indicate redirection to another server or the browser's cache, or various types of HTTP error such as 404 Not Found error.
